Update the Project References section based on recent perf investigations (#280)
microsoft/TypeScript-wiki: Performance.md

------------                ------------
```

You can [read up more about project references here](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/project-references.html).

## Existing Code

> When a workspace becomes so large that it's hard for the editor to handle (and you've used [performance tracing](#providing-performance-traces) to confirm that there are no hotspots, making scale the most likely culprit) , it can be helpful to break it down into a collection of projects that reference each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a workspace becomes so large that it's hard for the editor to handle (and you've used [performance tracing](#providing-performance-traces) to confirm that there are no hotspots, making scale the most likely culprit), it can be helpful to break it down into a collection of projects that reference each other.
```

Reviewer: How would a user know that scale is the culprit?

Author: The lack of hotspots.  That's what I was attempting to convey with the parenthetical, so please feel free to reword it to make that clearer.

Author: I'm going to merge so I don't lose track of this.  Please feel free to reword in a future PR.

If you're working in a monorepo, this can be as simple as creating a project for each package and mirroring the package dependency graph in project references.
Otherwise the process is more ad hoc - you may be able to follow the directory structure or you may have to use carefully chosen `include` and `exclude` globs.
Some things to keep in mind:
* Aim for evenly-sized projects - avoid having a single humongous project with lots of tiny satellites
* Try to group together files that will be edited together - this will limit the number of projects the editor needs to load
* Separating out test code can help prevent product code from accidentally depending on it

## Performance Considerations

As with any encapsulation mechanism, projects come with a cost.

> For example, if all projects depend on the same typings (e.g. a popular UI framework), some parts of those typings will be checked repeatedly - once for each project consuming them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if all projects depend on the same packages (e.g. a popular UI framework), some parts of that package's types will be checked repeatedly - once for each project consuming them.
```

Empirically, it seems that (for a workspace with more than one project) 5-20 projects is an appropriate range - fewer may result in editor slowdowns and more may result in excessive overhead.
Some good reasons to split out a project:
* It has a different output location (e.g. because it's a package in a monorepo)
* It requires different settings (e.g. `lib` or `moduleResolution`)
* It contains global declarations that you want to scope (either for encapsulation or to limit expensive global rebuilds)
* The editor's language service runs out of memory when trying to process the code as a single project

>   * In this case, you will want to set `"disableReferencedProjectLoad": true` and `"disableSolutionSearching": true` to limit project loading while editing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * In this case, you will want to set `"disableReferencedProjectLoad": true` and `"disableSolutionSearching": true` to limit project loading while editing
```

Author: It was supposed to be a sub-bullet.  Did I get the syntax wrong?

Reviewer: It's just a consistency thing, I think we use 4 spaces elsewhere. Not a big deal.

Author: Oops, I read the diff backwards.
